liuliu/docs: file upload api (#1389)
dolthub/docs: content/products/dolthub/dolthub-api/database.md

}
```

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/mergePull.json" path="/{owner}/{database}/pulls/{pull_id}/merge" method="post" %}
[mergePull.json](../../.gitbook/assets/mergePull.json)
{% endswagger %}

Then use `GET` to poll the operation to check if the merge operation is done.

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/pollMergeJob.json" path="/{owner}/{repo}/pulls/{pull_id}/merge" method="get" %}
[pollMergeJob.json](../../.gitbook/assets/pollMergeJob.json)
{% endswagger %}

> ## Upload file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upload a file
```

Here is an example of uploading a file `upload_csv_test.csv` to create a table `test_upload` on a database  `museum-collections` using an [authorization token](authentication.md). Note that the file import operation is asynchronous and creates an operation that can be polled to get the result.

```js
const fs = require("fs");

const url =
  "https://www.dolthub.com/api/v1alpha1/dolthub/museum-collections/upload/main";
 
const file_path = "upload_csv_test.csv";
 
const headers = {
  "Content-Type": "application/json",
  authorization: [api token you created],
};

fs.readFile(file_path, (err, data) => {
  if (err) throw err;

>   const SparkMD5 = require("spark-md5");

Reviewer: Should this go at the top with the `fs` import? Or is there a reason to have it here?

  const enc = new TextEncoder();

  const spark = new SparkMD5.ArrayBuffer();
  spark.append(data);
  const md5 = btoa(spark.end(true));

  const params = {
    tableName: "test_upload",
    contents: data,
    fileName: "upload_csv_test.csv",
    branchName: "main",
    fileType: "Csv",
    importOp: "Create",

>     primaryKeys: [],

Reviewer: Should have an example with primary keys

    contentMd5: md5,
  };

  fetch(prod_url, {
    method: "POST",
    headers,
    body: JSON.stringify(params),
  })
    .then((response) => {
        // process response
    })
    .catch((error) => {
      // process error
    });
});

```

> To poll the operation and check its status, you can use the `operationName` in the returned response of the file upload post to query the API. Once the operation is complete, the response will contain a `job_id` field indicating the job that's running the import job, as well as other information such as the `repository_owner`, `repository_name`, and `pull_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To poll the operation and check its status, you can use the `operationName` in the returned response of the file upload post to query the API. Once the operation is complete, the response will contain a `job_id` field indicating the job that's running the file import as well as the id of the pull request that's created from the import.
```

> To poll the operation and check its status, you can use the `operationName` in the returned response of the file upload post to query the API. Once the operation is complete, the response will contain a `job_id` field indicating the job that's running the import job, as well as other information such as the `repository_owner`, `repository_name`, and `pull_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To poll the operation and check its status, you can use the `operationName` in the returned response of the file upload post to query the API. Once the operation is complete, the response will contain a `job_id` field indicating the job that's running the file import as well as the id of the pull request that's created from the import.
```

> 

Reviewer: Should we also provide the code to poll for the job?

Keep in mind that the time it takes for the import operation to complete can vary depending on the size of the file and the complexity of the changes being applied to the database.

Include this `header` in your request with the API token you created.

```python
headers = {
    'authorization': '[api token you created]'
}
```

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/fileUpload.json" path="/{owner}/{database}/upload/{branch}" method="post" %}
[fileUpload.json](../../.gitbook/assets/fileUpload.json)
{% endswagger %}

Then use `GET` to poll the operation to check if the import operation is done.

{% swagger src="../../.gitbook/assets/pollImportJob.json" path="/{owner}/{database}/upload/{branch}" method="get" %}

> [pollImportJob.json](../../.gitbook/assets/pollImportJob.json)

Reviewer: Might make more sense to put these closer to the top with the description of the api and then provide the full code example toward the end?
